I made some wings for my six coil
exo-flex alternator and I'm trying it
out inside with a fan so I can adjust
the angle should be about nine degrees
but whenever I adjusted the there's a
slight difference so let's see how it
goes here
you can see the speed picking up I'm
getting like 16 folks or so likes of
this bunch of led
I install the magnets to the second
rotor on top the gap for the top rotor
to the stator is the bitwise but almost
like a quarter inch in the bottom the
bottom plate is maybe about an eighth of
an inch to the stator i'm using a
bicycle rack so i clamped together to a
couple of two-by-fours
so I will put this outside when I have
when now see a kind of speed I will get
when i turn it by hand it goes faster
that that's without the wings
okay thanks for watching